a: Top-down photograph with label and summary on how device was constructed
	BOARD:
		a: atmega328p - microcontroller used to measure and display data
		b: INA125P - instrumentation amplifier
		c: HD44780 LCD - 16x02 LCD display used to display data. Operating in 4 bit mode
		d: wheatstone half bridge - used to measure the change in resistance from the strain gauge in terms of voltage
		e: 2k trim potentiometer - used to change the gain of the instrumentation amplifier
		f: 10k potentiometer - changes the contrast of the LCD display
		g: Red LED
		h: Green LED
		i: Blue LED
		j: "Measure" button - signals microcontroller to read data from the sensor
		k: Socket for LM324 - amplifier used in early iterations of our design
		l: Connector for stressed strain gauge
		m: Connector for unstressed strain gauge
		
		The circuit was first prototyped on a breadboard, and the soldered to a 9x15cm perfboard, which provided more
		consistent readings from the sensor. IC sockets are used to ensure that ics can be quickly replaced. Initially 
		a LM324 quad op-amp was utilized to amplify the voltage from the wheatstone bridge, However we switched to
		using a INA125P instrumentation amplifier to carry out this task. We decided to leave in the socket for the 
		LM324 as an alternative amplifier if the INA125P were to fail during competitons. 
 
	ENTIRE SETUP:
		a: housing for main board and unstressed strain gauge
		b: main electronics board
		c: force/mass sensor
		d: arduino board used to program and provide power to the whole device
		
	FORCE/MASS SENSOR:
		a: strain gauge
		b: 6062 Aluminium plate
		c: measurement mechanism
		d: counterweight 

		A singular strain gauge was glued to a plate of 6061 aluminum to measure forces acted upon it. Because of 
		the relatively high rigidity of the aluminium, a lever mechanism is used to increase the amount of force
		acting on the alumnium. Because of the size of the lever, a counterweight is needed in order to keep the sensor
		secured. Another strain gauge identical to the first was glued to the metal housing and no force would be
		acted upon it. Due to the fact that the resistance of strain gauges can vary with temperature, in order to
		produce consistent results, 2 strain gauges are used to counteract temperature fluctuations.

 
